The following are anonymized comments from customers:
---
{{$input}}
---
To better understand customer experiences, analyze the following anonymized customer comments. Identify and categorize the three most prevalent themes or learning points expressed in these comments. Organize your findings in a structured JSON format, focusing on the sentiment conveyed and a brief summary of the reason behind each sentiment. This structured analysis will facilitate clearer insights into customer feedback and enhance our understanding of their experiences.
Follow this step by step approach:
User Research: Conducting interviews, surveys, and observations to gather data directly from the users. This helps in understanding their behaviors, preferences, needs, and challenges.

Empathy Mapping: Creating an "empathy map" to visualize user attitudes and behaviors. This tool helps in understanding what users are thinking, feeling, seeing, and doing.

Persona Development: Creating detailed profiles of typical users. Personas help in maintaining a focus on user-centric design throughout the project.

User Journey Mapping: Developing a user journey map to understand the full experience of the user. This includes all touchpoints with the product or service and highlights areas of friction and opportunities for improvement.

Storytelling: Using storytelling to share insights gathered. This can be an effective way to communicate the user's experience to the project team and stakeholders.

Observation and Engagement: Engaging with and observing users in their own environment to get a deeper understanding of the issues they face.

The format should read:
[
    { "title": "Problem Title", "problem": "Clear definition of the problem", "source": "Identified common cause or source of the problem" },
    { "title": "Problem Title", "problem": "Clear definition of the problem", "source": "Identified common cause or source of the problem" },
    { "title": "Problem Title", "problem": "Clear definition of the problem", "source": "Identified common cause or source of the problem" },
    { "title": "Problem Title", "problem": "Clear definition of the problem", "source": "Identified common cause or source of the problem" },
    { "title": "Problem Title", "problem": "Clear definition of the problem", "source": "Identified common cause or source of the problem" }
]
